Hey, the Zhao family is really gone
Did they kill them all?
How is that possible?
Just by that trash
Then the Zhao family must have left first, right?
He killed someone, there must be blood on the ground
I'm so sorry.
I didn't expect this to happen.
Please come back
Is a skinny adult
So what's going on?
There are some things that Miss Gao still doesn't know
Zhao Yulong, that useless trash
Hold the throne
He actually lost to Lord Yun of the Xu family
Humph
Son, you are doing a great job now
This time it's your turn to practice
Killed the Yun Ye of the Xu family
Win Shennong and pay for it.
After obtaining the treasure of the Xu family
The pavilion master of the lower realm must be smart